breach -> factory reset for user docs (#1270)
urbit/urbit.org: content/docs/glossary/reset.md

+++
title = "Factory Reset"
template = "doc.html"
[extra]
category = "arvo"
+++

Continuity on the [Ames](/docs/glossary/ames) network occasionally needs to be
broken in order to correct a networking error. These infrequent events are known
as **factory resets**, which causes an individual ship to forget its network
message history and restores it to the state in which you booted it for the
first time.

Factory resets are always initiated by the user, frequently in response to a
connectivity error. The easiest way to do this is with [Bridge](/docs/glossary/bridge).

> There are two types of factory resets: changing networking keys, and changing
> the Urbit ID ownership address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The option to perform a factory reset is given when changing the networking keys,
and when transferring the Urbit ID to a new ownership address.
```
